THEIR OWN.
THAT'S THE FOCUS OF TONIGHT
"ANGLE."
♪ ♪
IN THE 20 YEARS THAT I'VE BEEN
COVERING OUR BORDER ISSUES,
THERE WAS ALWAYS AT LEAST ONE
POINT OF AGREEMENT ON BOTH SIDES
OF THE ISSUE, THAT NEW
IMMIGRANTS SHOULD WORK HARD,
SPEAK ENGLISH, BECAUSE DOING SO
WOULD HELP ENSURE THEIR SUCCESS
YEAR AND ALSO SPEED UP
ASSIMILATION.
>> ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS WHO HAVE
ROOTS IN OUR COUNTRY AND WANT TO
STAY SHOULD HAVE TO PAY A
MEANINGFUL PENALTY FOR BREAKING
THE LAW.
TO PAY THEIR TAXES, TO LEARN
ENGLISH.
>> I THINK LEARNING ENGLISH IS
NOT JUST IMPORTANT FOR
ASSIMILATION, IT'S IMPORTANT FOR
ECONOMIC SUCCESS.
>> IF YOU'VE BEEN HERE A CERTAIN
WRATH OF TIME, YOU'VE GOT A
CLEAN RECORD, YOU WANT TO PAY
A FINE, LEARN ENGLISH.
>> HAVE TO PAY TAXES, LEARN
ENGLISH.
>> TO BECOME A PART OF THE
ECONOMY COME PART OF THE SYSTEM,
LEARN ENGLISH, DO ALL THE THING
THAT WE THINK IS AN IMPORTANT
PART OF BECOMING AN
AMERICAN.
>> Laura: I WANT TO CLAP WHEN
YOU HEAR THAT.
IN TODAY'S DEMOCRATIC PARTY,
THINGS ARE MOVING SO FAR LEFT
AND SO FAST THAT THE ENTIRE
"SPEAK ENGLISH" SENTIMENT HAS
BECOME RADIOACTIVE.
ENTER LIBERAL LION TOM BROKAW,
WHO WAS APPEARING ON
"MEET THE PRESS" YESTERDAY, AND
A BREATH AFTER HE WAS FRANKLY
STEREOTYPING BORDER ENFORCEMENT
ADVOCATES, HE HAD THE NERVE TO
SAY THIS.
>> I ALSO HAPPEN TO BELIEVE THAT
HISPANICS SHOULD WORK HARDER AT
ASSIMILATION.
THAT IS ONE OF THE THINGS I
SHOULD HAVE -- I HAVE BEEN
SAYING FOR A LONG TIME.
THEY OUGHT NOT TO BE CODIFIED IN
THEIR COMMUNITIES BUT MAKE SURE
THAT ALL THEIR KIDS ARE LEARNING
TO SPEAK ENGLISH AND THAT THEY
FEEL COMFORTABLE IN THE
COMMUNITIES AND THAT IS GOING TO
TAKE OUTRAGE ON BOTH SIDES,
FRANKLY.
>> Laura: HOW DARE HE SAY
THAT, SPEAK ENGLISH IN THEIR
COMMUNITIES?
FEARS OUTREACH BOARD AND ALMOST
INSTANTANEOUSLY, ESPECIALLY FROM
A 2020 HEARD SEEKING AN EDGE IN
THE RADICAL BEAUTY PAGEANT.
CONGRESSMAN JOAQUIN CASTRO
TWEETING TO BROKAW, "TOM BROKAW,
FOR A CELEBRATED NBC NEWS
JOURNALIST, WHO SPENT YEARS
CHRONICLING AMERICAN SOCIETY,
YOU SEEM STUNNINGLY IGNORANT OF
THE HISPANIC COMMUNITY IN THIS
COUNTRY.
AND FORTUNATE SEE XENOPHOBIA
PASS FOR ELEVATED POLITICAL
COMMENTARY."
THAT'S NOT ALL, FOLKS.
IT GOT WORSE.
BOTH ON AND OFF-LINE FOR BROKAW,
BOTH ON AND OFF-LINE FOR BROKAWD
BOTH ON AND OFF-LINE FOR BROKAWS
BOTH ON AND OFF-LINE FOR BROKAWI
BOTH ON AND OFF-LINE FOR BROKAWE
BOTH ON AND OFF-LINE FOR BROKAWH
BOTH ON AND OFF-LINE FOR BROKAWS
NUMEROUS AND, FRANKLY,
EMBARRASSING TWITTER APOLOGIES.
>> THE IDEA THAT WE THINK AN
AMERICAN CAN ONLY SPEAK ENGLISH,
AS IF SPANISH IS NOT PART OF
WHAT
AMERICA, THAT'S TROUBLING.
>> THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH
SPEAKING SPANISH.
>> HE'S A LITTLE OUT OF TOUCH.
WHAT HE SAYING IS ABSOLUTELY NOT
TRUE.
LATINOS ABSOLUTELY ASSIMILATE.
>> Laura: WELL, THIS IS HOW
ABOUT A SCOTT IN THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
MANY LATINOS HAVE ASSIMILATED.
BUT THE MAIN POINT HERE IS
ENGLISH HAS BECOME CONTROVERSIA
CONTROVERSIAL.
ASSIMILATION'S IN SOME QUARTERS
HAS BECOME CONTROVERSIAL.
SO TO BE AN AUTHENTIC, CREDIBLE
DEMOCRAT TODAY, YOU HAVE TO
BELIEVE THAT THE PARTIES VIEWS
OF JUST A FEW YEARS AGO ARE
NOW BASICALLY RACIST,
XENOPHOBIC, AND HATEFUL.
THIS IS INSANE.
NOW SOMETHING SIMILAR UNFOLDED
AT DUKE UNIVERSITY OVER THE
WEEKEND AS WELL.
THE POLITICALLY CORRECT FANATICS
IN ACADEMIA PUT ANOTHER TROPHY
ON THE WALL WHEN A ASSISTANT
PROFESSOR MEGAN NEELY, WHO
HEADED UP THE UNIVERSITY'S
BIOSTATISTICS MASTER PROGRAM,
WAS FORCED TO STEP DOWN FROM HER
POST THIS WEEKEND.
HER CRIME IN AN EMAIL?
SHE SENT TO GRAD STUDENTS LAST
FRIDAY, AND IT, SHE SAID TWO
FACULTY MEMBERS HAVE COME UP TO
HER TO COMPLAIN ABOUT STUDENTS
LOUDLY SPEAKING CHINESE AND A
COMMON AREA.
SO SHE WROTE THAT BOTH WERE
DISAPPOINTED THAT THE STUDENTS
WEREN'T WORKING TO IMPROVE THEIR
ENGLISH.
HER PIGS IN WAS URGING THEM TO
"COMMIT TO SPEAKING
ENGLISH 100% OF THE TIME WHILE
ON CAMPUS."
PERISH THE THOUGHT.
AGAIN, IT WAS NOT A SLAM ON
CHINESE.
IT WAS KIND OF A HAM-FISTED WAY
OF ENCOURAGING FOLKS TO SPEAK
OUR LANGUAGE WHILE IN OUR
COUNTRY.
STUDYING, BY THE WAY, AT ONE OF
OUR PREMIER UNIVERSITIES.
NOW IT WAS ULTIMATELY TO HELP
THE STUDENTS COMPETE FOR
PROJECTS AND EMPLOYMENT.
WHY IS THAT A BAD THING?
THE HORROR!
AGAIN, THE ACCUSED PROFUSELY
APOLOGIZED FOR HER LANGUAGE
OFFENSE.
BUT IT DIDN'T MATTER.
THE DAMAGE WAS ALREADY DONE.
NOW LOOK, AS I'VE SAID MANY
TIMES, I SPEAK RUSSIAN, I SPEAK
ENGLISH, I SPEAK SPANISH, IT IS
TERRIFIC FOR KIDS TO SPEAK
MULTIPLE LANGUAGES.
BEING BILINGUAL, TRILINGUAL,
THAT GIVES KIDS A HUGE LEG UP IN
THIS ECONOMY, AND A LOT OF
OPTIONS.
BUT OF THE SAME TIME, ENGLISH IS
OUR NATIONAL LANGUAGE.
AND FOLKS WHO WANT TO COME HERE
ILLEGALLY SHOULD LEARN TO SPEAK
IT.
THERE IS NOTHING RACIST ABOUT
SAYING THAT AT ALL.
UNLESS OBAMA, GEORGE W, AND
PRETTY MUCH EVERY AMERICAN
PRESIDENT IS ALSO RACIST.
AND IF AN AMERICAN WHO IS
SHOPPING IN A STORE GETS, I
DON'T KNOW, AND PATIENT WHEN A
CASHIER CAN'T SPEAK ENGLISH,
THAT DOESN'T NECESSARILY MAKE
THE PREACHER AND A OR A BAD
PERSON.
THEY ARE FRUSTRATED.
WHAT WOULD TEDDY ROOSEVELT THINK
TODAY?
REMEMBER WHAT HE SAID SO
ELOQUENTLY IN A LETTER THAT HE
HAD WRITTEN IN 1919.
HE SAID, "IN THE FIRST PLACE, WE
SHOULD INSIST THAT IF THE
IMMIGRANT TO COME SEE HER IN
GOOD FAITH BECOMES AN AMERICAN,
AND ASSIMILATE HIMSELF TO US,
HE SHALL BE TREATED ON AN EXACT
EQUALITY WITH EVERYONE ELSE.
THERE CAN BE NO DIVIDED
ALLEGIANCE HERE.
WE HAVE ROOM FOR ABOUT ONE
LANGUAGE HERE AND THAT IS THE
ENGLISH LANGUAGE.
FOR WE INTEND TO SEE THAT
CRUCIBLE TURNS OUR PEOPLE OUT AS
AMERICANS OF AMERICAN
NATIONALITY AND NOT AS DWELLERS
IN A POLYGLOT BOARDINGHOUSE."
I WANT TO BECOME A POLYGLOT
BOARDINGHOUSE -- IT'S NOT JUST,
THOUGH, THAT THE ENGLISH
LANGUAGE REQUIREMENT CAN SET UP
TODAY'S DEMOCRAT CONFORMITY
POLICE.
NOT JUST THAT.
EVEN THE TWO TERM VICE PRESIDENT
ISN'T IMMUNE.
BIDEN, JOE BIDEN, WAS WRAPPED
LAST WEEK FOR DARING TO SAY A
NICE THING ABOUT A REPUBLICAN.
>> I GET IN TROUBLE -- I READ IN
"THE NEW YORK TIMES" TODAY THAT
I -- ONE OF MY PROBLEMS IS IF I
EVER RUN FOR PRESIDENT, I LIKE
REPUBLICANS.
OKAY, WELL BLESS ME FATHER, FOR
I HAVE SINNED.
BUT YOU KNOW, WHERE I COME FROM,
I DON'T HOW TO GET ANYTHING
DONE.
I DON'T KNOW HOW YOU GET
ANYTHING DONE -- THE ONLY WAY
YOU GET ANYTHING DONE AS IF YOU
START TALKING TO ONE ANOTHER
AGAIN.
>> Laura: SO COMMON SENSE FROM
BIDEN.
SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO REACH
ACROSS THE AISLE.
HE GOT A SLAM FOR THAT IN
LEFT-WING QUARTERS.
I LOVE GOING ONLINE TO SEE WHAT
THEY ARE ALL SAYING.
NOT   CONTINUING, EVEN IF YOU MS
COMEDIAN IS FORCED TO PLAY BY
THE SHIFTING ROLES OF THE LEFT
TODAY.
REMEMBER WHEN IT WAS ANNOUNCED
THAT KEVIN HART WOULD BE THE
HOST OF THE ACADEMY AWARDS?
WELL, AT THEIR MERCY CROWD DUG
UP 10-YEAR-OLD TWEETS AND
CHARGED HIM WITH BEING
HOMOPHOBIC.
SO EVEN AFTER HE APOLOGIZED AND
ELLEN CAME OUT TO SUPPORT THEM,
THE LEFT WOULD NOT BE SATISFIED.
>> WITH ALL THIS BEING SAID IN
ALL THIS CONTROVERSY AND ALL THE
WAY THAT YOU HAVE ADJUSTED, IS
THERE HOPE THAT YOU WOULD HOST
THE OSCARS THIS YEAR?
>> NO.
>> ABSOLUTE NO?
I'M NOT HOSTING THE OSCARS THIS
YEAR.
>> Laura: WELCOME WITH A
LITMUS TEST NOW FOR HEADLINING
THE GIG IS NOW SO DIFFICULT TO
PASS, THAT THE OSCARS WILL
BE HOST WAS THIS YEAR.
TALK ANOTHER ONE RUN-UP THE
SENSITIVITY SQUAD.
I WAS GOING, GUYS.
ALL THIS DEMONSTRATES THE
DEMOCRATS IN POLITICS, THE
MEDIA, ACADEMIA, ARE ZEALOUS
ABOUT ENFORCING BORDERS AFTER
ALL.
THEIR OWN.
THE AGGRESSIVELY POLICE THEIR
OWN EVER MORPHING CODE OF
PROGRESSIVE ETHICS.
AND IF YOU RUN AFOUL OF THEM,
THEY ARE MERCY -- THEIR
MERCENARIES WILL DESTROY
YOU.
AND IN SOME CASES, EVEN PROFUSE,
ABJECT, YES, EMBARRASSING
APOLOGIES WILL NOT SUFFICE.
SO TODAY, YOU MAY BE PART OF THE
COOL CROWD, BUT TOMORROW, YOU